You are really Mr. Feng
You said it too
Manager Qin is my right-hand man
He will identify the wrong person
Song Dan Ge's husband is Mr. Feng who offended him
I'm done, Mr. Wang
I was wrong, please forgive me this time.
I am forever helpless
Is Fang always signing a contract with the Song family now?
Hey, yes, yes, yes.
Sign now.
Make my wife so embarrassed not to sign
No, no, no, you clearly said before that you would sign the contract
Oops, shut up
If you hadn't made Mr. Feng angry
Can he not sign?
The vice president's daughter is ignorant
I have taught him a lesson for you.
You see they bullied my wife
Naturally asked for my wife's forgiveness
Brother, if you have any requirements, please put forward them.
Dad promises you
We have just ended the relationship between father and son
Mr. Song, now you suddenly call yourself Dad
Isn't that ridiculous?
You hurry up and kneel down and apologize to Brother Nan
I don't hurt it has been done
What's the use of apologizing now?
Husband, let's go
Tiannang
The Song family cannot be lost
It doesn't cooperate with the family.
Hurry up and kneel down and apologize to Brother Nan
I can't give it to you even if I die
Kneel down for me